30/05/2024
             > Tokens >> Essential elements for writing a python program.
                   1.Keywords 
                   2.Variables
                   3.Identifiers
                   4.Data types
          1.Keywords
                     ---- Pre-defined, Reserved words, built in words. 
                          performing specific task.
                          35 keywords in python
                          True,None,False are in Title cases remaining all in lower cases.
                          we can not change the functionality of keywords.
                          import keyword--- performs the importing process.
                          importing is the process of accessing the content of one module into current module.
        


          2.Variables:
                       ---- It is a name given to the memory allocation.
                            value stored in a variable might be varied.
                            syntax for declaring a single variable
                               ---- "variablename=value"
                            If we assign multiple variables with same integer value then we will go to the same memory address.
                            If we assign new value for a existing value then it will point to new memory address.
                            Once we create variable two spaces are created (name/variable space, value space)
                       Garbage collection:
                                         --- It is used for deleting memory of un-used values.
                                             Drawbacks of garbage collection when it is done by the developers
                                             1. Deleting the memory before completion of its usage.
                                             2. Not deleting the memory even after completion of its usage.
                      Python Memory Management:   
                                              ----IN python Garbage collection will be done by the pmm.
                                              python memory management will be delete the value when it has zero references.
                          Id function:
                                           -----used for getting the address of variable
                              syntax ;
                                            id(variable name)
            
                     Syntax for defining multiple variables at a time in python
                                      ---- variable Name1,variable Name2,Variable Name3,.......= Value1,value2,value3,......
                     Syntax for creating new variables with existing variable values
                                     ----- " New variable = Existing value"
                     Syntax for swapping the values of variables
                                     ----- "var1,var2 =var2,var1"
       3.Identifiers:
                     ------ Identifiers is a name with which we can identify the variables,functions and classes.
         